# smatr


  The other day, I walked to our local CVS with the intent to buy some toothpaste. My total came out to be $4.67, yet I was greeted with a receipt that matched me in height. There was no way I was keeping that receipt, but then I thought about all the other CVS receipts or receipts in general that were just thrown away as soon as they were printed. They were probably littered throughout our environment, spreading BPA or BPS everywhere and damaging the world we live in today. That also was probably my fault, because as an individual who grew up surrounded by advancing technology, paper receipts were useless to me so I often discard of them quickly -- damaging my chances of smooth returns, fiscal tracking, and also, further damaging the planet. Our goal was to make a sustainable, financial hack for receipt tracking in the digital age that centralized consumer receipts and coupons in one friendly, easy-to-use website. We wanted to take financial responsibility for ourselves without creating a hazardous paper trail.
  Using our mobile-app interface, users will scan a QR code available at stores/restaurants. This QR code will add the receipt entry into a database that would be unique to each user. Users can then log-on to their own personalized website to track their spending habits. This information would also be available on the mobile-app. Our mobile-app interface and updating database are hosted using Google Cloud Platform, which was done through Swift, JavaScript, and HTML.
